Update README.md (#49)
smileidentity/android-sample-app: README.md

# [DEPRECATED] Smile_ID_Android_Sample

> [!WARNING]

> > SDK v7 and this sample app are deprecated and should no longer be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> SDK version 7 and this sample app are deprecated and should no longer be used.
```

> Please use the v10 Android SDK, available at https://github.com/smileidentity/android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the version 10 Android SDK, available at https://github.com/smileidentity/android.

```

> The sample app for v10 is located in the same repo, in the `sample` directory: https://github.com/smileidentity/android/tree/main/sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample app for version 10 is located in the same repository, under the `sample` directory: https://github.com/smileidentity/android/tree/main/sample.
```

> Additional information is available in the docs: https://docs.usesmileid.com/integration-options/mobile/android-v10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional information is available in the documentation: https://docs.usesmileid.com/integration-options/mobile/android-v10.
```
